plan.md, before:

Intro:

I'm starting a project called everythingbuiltwith.com. Its a website showing you different tech stacks from different companies with information to those stacks. The value of the site is to show the "why" behind the tech stack choice and we value quality over quantity.
The platform will feature different start points:
- Search for a company and view their tech stack
- Search througt tools like next.js or Tanstack start and find techstacks which use those tools
- Special pages (maybe, no clear idea yet)

There will be multiple interation son that site. In an overview there will be:
1. Basic website showing off some tech stacks.
2. Adding User login and restrict publicly showing tech stacks (only 20 or so will be shown in public, the rest only when you created an account)
3. Adding a paid tier for developers and companies/enterprises to have an insights area with things like: Most companies switched from Next.js to TanStack start in the second half of 2025

Tech stack choices for the whole project:
- TanStack start and the whole Tanstack tools
- Convex as DB and backend
- Posthog for web analytics and feature flags etc.
- c15t for cookie banner
- deploying the website on vercel
- Shadcn 
- Tailwind v4
- Inter font

Scope of iteration 1:
Iteration 1 should contain creating a simple website showing off the clear value of the platform and what we want to achieve. It should have a section showing all the tech stacks available for now easily filterable. When you click in a tech stack it should show more details.
In iteration one you can submit a techstack by just filling out a simple form which sends us an email.
The website needs also an imprint, privacy details, most likely cookie banner, contact, social links.
I created a simple html only intro page for now served under https://everythingbuiltwith.com which is hosted with Github pages. I bought the domain and it's in my Ionos portal.

Which information should be included in the techstack in iteration 1:
- Company name 
- company website
- Short intro what the company does
- Industry / area of the company e.g. finance, tech, etc.
- List of tech choices where each has:
    - Tech name e.g. Golang, Convex or Kafka
    - Main reason why they choose it (static dropdown e.g. with performance, ease-of-use, etc.)
    - Short optional description

Design of the website for iteration 1:
- Dark mode only for now
- Main color should be a nice red
- Design should be similar to site like https://midday.ai/ or https://linear.app/
- Modern, simple and targeted for the main audience - developers and tech people


The following iterations are not clear yet and depend on the success of iteration 1 and if we can attract many people to actually use the site.

Important things:
- YOU MUST always search for the latest documenation of whatever tool you want to use
- If unclear, YOU MUST ask me for feedback
- YOU MUST think in small steps

Commit message:

Added index page, tech stack details page and idea for submit stack page

plan.md, after:

Intro:

I'm starting a project called everythingbuiltwith.com. Its a website showing you different tech stacks from different companies with information to those stacks. The value of the site is to show the "why" behind the tech stack choice and we value quality over quantity.
The platform will feature different start points:
- Search for a company and view their tech stack
- Search througt tools like next.js or Tanstack start and find techstacks which use those tools
- Special pages (maybe, no clear idea yet)

There will be multiple interation son that site. In an overview there will be:
1. Basic website showing off some tech stacks.
2. Adding User login and restrict publicly showing tech stacks (only 20 or so will be shown in public, the rest only when you created an account)
3. Adding a paid tier for developers and companies/enterprises to have an insights area with things like: Most companies switched from Next.js to TanStack start in the second half of 2025

Tech stack choices for the whole project:
- TanStack start and the whole Tanstack tools
- Convex as DB and backend
- Posthog for web analytics and feature flags etc.
- c15t for cookie banner
- deploying the website on vercel
- Shadcn 
- Tailwind v4
- Inter font

Scope of iteration 1:
Iteration 1 should contain creating a simple website showing off the clear value of the platform and what we want to achieve. It should have a section showing all the tech stacks available for now easily filterable. When you click in a tech stack it should show more details.
In iteration one you can submit a techstack by just filling out a simple form which sends us an email.
The website needs also an imprint, privacy details, most likely cookie banner, contact, social links.
I created a simple html only intro page for now served under https://everythingbuiltwith.com which is hosted with Github pages. I bought the domain and it's in my Ionos portal.

Which information should be included in the techstack in iteration 1:
- Company name 
- company website
- Short intro what the company does
- Industry / area of the company e.g. finance, tech, etc.
- List of tech choices where each has:
    - Tech name e.g. Golang, Convex or Kafka
    - Main reason why they choose it (static dropdown e.g. with performance, ease-of-use, etc.)
    - Short optional description

Design of the website for iteration 1:
- Dark mode only for now
- Main color should be a nice red
- Design should be similar to site like https://midday.ai/ or https://linear.app/
- Modern, simple and targeted for the main audience - developers and tech people


The following iterations are not clear yet and depend on the success of iteration 1 and if we can attract many people to actually use the site.

Tech stack:
Each tech stack should hold compareable information. It does not bring value to just blindly list them. I would start with come categories to group them, so it's also easy to compare them and show updates down the line.
Categories for the start will be:
- Frontend
- Backend
- Database
- Authentication
- Hosting / Infrastruture
- Dev Tools / CI/CD
- Monitoring / logs
- Other Key tools

Why categories:
Each tech stack was choosen because of a specific reason. To make it easy for the ones submitting the tech stack and easy for us to compare the tech stacks, every added tech stack selection in their categories should have those "why" categories:
- Performance & Architecture
- Developer Experience
- Business & Product Needs
- Ecosystem & Integration
- Long-Term Strategy

Important things:
- YOU MUST always search for the latest documenation of whatever tool you want to use
- If unclear, YOU MUST ask me for feedback
- YOU MUST think in small steps
